

 					Gods of the Notum Terra.


		Imperium,
 
 The Imperium is a monotheistic Empire and as such they only worship one god, Sindar.
 With this monotheistic focus the existences of all other gods are denied as the Imperium
 champions Sindar as the one true god. As the Imperium began its expansion it too began to 
 supress and persecute those who worshipped false gods in their eyes. The favoured form of
 punishment for this heresy if the accused does not relent is crucifixion.

 Sindar is worshipped in all his aspects to cover the various sections of society
 such aspects include all that can be found in the mortal realm as Sindar is seen as the
 creator of the world. Sindar is seen as a benevolent deity who if his commandments are broken
 demands strict punishment. 

 The Commandements of Sindar are as follows:

 1.  You shall not worship false idols.
 2.  You shall remain determined through times of struggle.
 3.  You shall honor the faith.
 4.  You shall reach for perfection even knowing you cannot reach it, for perfection is god.
 5.  You shall spread my word.
 6.  You shall see justice is done according to god's will.
 7.  You shall abide by the law.
 8.  You shall be united or seek unity if there is none.
 9.  You shall accept life as god intended it to be.
 10. You shall fight the darkness wherever it may show.

 Sigil: A Black cross on a white background.

 The church of Sindar has great influence within the Imperium with the Grand-Hierophant of the faith
 being one of the chief advisors to the Imperator himself. With its position, the priests of the 
 faith often form as a pillar of authority within its society with the people paying tribute to Sindars
 representitives as they try to live pious lives.

 With the Imperiums expansion, many cultures have had this faith imposed upon them. Some accepted,
 many did not. However of those who embraced the faith, the Dragonborn of Caefarn are chief among them.
 Few others have kept their old faiths alive through secrecy and hidden means.

 The Knights Sanctus act as the military sect of the faith, seeking out apostates, heretics and answering
 to the personal beck and call of the Grand-Hierophant. 

 Within the Religion of Sindar there exists another entity, known as the great deciever or enemy. This entities
 name is rarely spoken as it is thought to bring bad luck. It is the antithesis of Sindar and his values and
 would see his godly rival and his followers brought low. This entity is known as Kurzon.

 Sigil: An amber eye with a black pupil.

 Kurzon embodies all that Sindar does not, acts such as debauchery, chaos, betrayal and generally all things
 that are wrong with the world. The church's greatest challenge is to root out the worship of such a heinous
 entity but that is easier said than done.
 
 It is also said that Kurzon is the father of all demons and that all demons are merely an extension of his
 infintisimal will for domination over all things.


		Gorgarrum,

 The dwarven realm now officially as a protectorate of the Imperium worships Sindar as its choice of faith.
 However old gods are difficult to expunge, many within the mountain holds still cling to their past faith,
 holding secret meetings and praying to their gods in the shadows of their mountain homes. The dwarves had
 three patron gods they now unofficially worship,

 Scalvi: Mother of the Dwarves
 
 Sigil: A white raven on a branch

 Scalvi is said to have birthed the first dwarves into the world using her own essence and watched over them
 until they were fully grown and once they had she blessed them with her protection and left them to return
 to the heavens from which she had come. She is the patron the cleric priesthood of the dwarves.

 Nuldiir: God of the Forge/Craftsmanship

 Sigil: A grey hammer striking a grey anvil.

 Nuldiir once the first dwarves had grown to their adulthood and Scalvi returned to the heavens, it was Nuldiir
 who taught these dwarves the art of the forge and crafted each a set of armor so that they could survive such a 
 primal world. He is the patron of smiths and craftsmen of all areas within dwarven kind.

 Grumniir: God of Strength/War

 Sigil: A clenched flaming fist on a white background.

 Once the first dwarves were armed and armored, it was Grumniir who taught them how to fight and kill their enemies.
 Showing them the ways to survive and best those who would do them harm. He is the patron of all warriors and martial
 minded dwarves.

		Nornorod,

 The goliaths worship gods similar to their homelands, cold, brutal and honest. These are ancient and primal gods of the
 world who hold great power in the frozen north. For their patronage they require utter service and sacrifice but they do
 lie. The goliaths worship 3 of these ancient gods,

 Orm: God of Endurance/Strength

 Sigil: A grey mountain on a white background.

 Orm is said to be the one to have carved the first goliath from the face of a mountain, he is said to have carved them to
 physical perfection and granting them the strength and hardiness of the mountain itself.

 Eydis: Goddess of the cold/death

 Sigil: A pale blue hand with its fingers splayed.

 Eydis is said to be the primal embodiement of the frigid north and represents the eventually death of all things.
 It is said that once that Eydis taught the goliaths how to take in the cold and become one with the frigid land,
 through this they could endure any temperature freezing or otherwise.

 Nærfi: God of Honour/Steadfastness

 Sigil: A sword planted blade first into the earth.

 Nærfi, once the goliaths had become accustomed to their homes were taught by him on how to live their lives showing
 them the virtues of honour and fairness. This allowed the goliath to form their tribes and work together to carve out 
 their destiny in such an inhospitable land.

 		 Zondandaz,

 The lizard-men worship only one god and that is the god of hunger. It is a primal god, as old as the earth itself.
 This god is known as Uzrrus or the maw.

 Uzrus: God of Hunger

 Sigil: A wide open skeletal crocodilian maw on a dark green background

 It is to this god that the lizardmen pay homage and provide worthy sacrifices to. They pray to him by consuming their
 foes and those they best.