
					Imperial Knightly Orders

 The Knights Imperator,
  
 Sigil: A golden sun on a black background

 Description:

 The Imperator may have an honour guard from the famed king of Caerfarn but his personal security is handled by his
 praetorian guard, the Knights Imperator. These knights are hand picked from the Legions for their examples of bravery,
 valiance and loyalty. Once chosen for recruitment, the Initiates are subjected to an intense training regime through 
 which few survive. The Highest rank of the Knights Imperator as it is with the other knightly orders is the office of
 Lord Commander. The lord commander reports only to the Imperator himself and is responsible for his safety at all times.
 It is also known that the lord commander is known to be the Imperators personal champion and as such is often the greatest
 warrior throughout the Imperium. The Knights Imperator is never seen far from the Imperator himself, tasked with keeping
 the Master of the Imperium safe at all times. Their armaments are the finest in the Imperium, fashioned from the forge-masters
 of Gor-Garrum. They wear distinct jet black plate armor with golden trim and wielding deadly weapons with honed precision.


 The Knights Ardent,

 Sigil: A cracked stone on a red field

 Description:
 
 This order is was originally after during the War of the Eagle between the Imperium and the Goliath tribes. The original members
 of this order were legionaries who distinguished themselves and become especially adept at fighting the goliaths in the field.
 The Orders primary responsibility is to guard the Imperium against goliath aggression and make their own forays into Nornorod
 territory to take the fight to the tribes. The order has become adept at fighting goliaths and actively seeks out their kind to 
 best them as to show Imperial superiority in areas where goliaths prize the most. They wear their distinctive silver-grey plate mail
 with a light blue tabard and favouring heavy two-handed weapons just like their favoured foes.



 The Knights Sanctus,

 Sigil: A white cross on a black background.

 Description:
 
 This knightly order acts as the Religious police of the Imperium preserving the sanctity and moral integrity of the Imperium throughout.
 These Knights are the most pious, dealing rightous fury to the heretical enemies of the Imperium within and without. They favour plate-mail
 with a black tabard and they favour no single type of weapon.


 
 The Knights Occuli,

 Sigil: A red eye on a white background

 Description:

 This order acts as the secret police of the Imperium, reporting to the Imperator himself. They favour secrecy and misdirection over open warfare and
 as such they prefer lighter armor to conduct their duties. They root out corruption and disrupt plots within the Imperium and without.


 The Knights Malificarum,

 Sigil: A moon on a starless sky

 Description:

 This order polices the use of magic within the Imperium, hunting unregistered wizards and witches where ever they can be found. They practice magic themselves
 for who better to hunt those who use magic than those who teach it in the Imperial College of Maegi in the Ebon City. They favour heavy armor and act as the specialised
 battle mages for the legions when the need is most dire. Upon this armor they wear a bright red tabard with their sigil upon its chest.