			
					 Major Societies / Cultures within Notum Terra



					 Imperium, inspired by the roman empire.

 The Imperium was built upon the blood and conquest of the lands. Initially led by a partnership of Human & High Elves,
 in the years of conquest as its borders expanded new races were brought into the fold. Some willingly, some otherwise.
 These include but are not limited to Dragonborn, Wood Elves, Dwarves among others. As a result of this incorporation of 
 otherwise hostile peoples, there has always been a schism in terms of relations between the races of that comprise the Imperium.
 The races who willingly joined have enjoyed a relatively pleasant experience while not enjoying such statuses as the founding
 races do. Still races such as the Dragonborn have become quite accustomed to their position now as the personal honour-guard and 
 retinues of the Imperator himself. Making them his most loyal warriors, the Dreadwing Guard. The races who were forced into this
 Imperium such as the dwarves are viewed with distaste and distrust as unwanted vermin, enjoying a second-class citizenship in all
 places but their mountain holdfasts. The Imperium values meritocracy, while it may be difficult for any race to prove its worth
 for those who do they can enjoy many benefits as long as they keep themselves useful and prove their loyalty leaving no room for doubt.

 The government of the Imperium is led by the Imperator himself, a senate exists whereby laws and matters are discussed but it is the 
 Imperator who has supreme authority in all matters. The senate is made up of representitives selected from each of the prominent settlements that 
 make up the Imperium proper. Each town or settlement is led by a governer who delegates matters through out that area. Under the governer, the
 Urban Praefect handles all matters relating to law and order. The praefect commands the Cohortes Urbanae, who act as the police force for 
 each settlement or area. Depending on each settlement, the standard of Cohortes Urbanae varies with the closer to the heart of the Imperium,
 the higher the standard of those who protect it.

 The military of the Imperium is made of up multiple legions comprising each of 10,000 fighting personnel. The structure of these legions is as follows


 Legatus - Commands the entire legion 
-> Senior
 Tribunus - Second in command
 Praefectus - Camp Praefect
 Primus - Senior Centurion of the Legion
-> Mid Level
 Centurion - Commands 10 cohorts, about 100 centurions per legion.
 Pilus Prior - Commander of the first cohort.
-> Low Level
 Principales - Non commissioned Officer
 Optio - Second in Command to each centurion
-> Rank & File
 Legionary.


 In total there are 4 legions stationed throughout the empire. They are seen as an elite fighting force and always have a contingent of 
 Imperial War-Mages for heavy artillery support. All races are welcome to join the ranks of the Legions and many have, seeking to improve 
 their lot in life and gain favour and rank in the armed forces. However it is incredibly rare to ever see a unfavoured race of the Imperium 
 rise above the station of Principales but not Impossible.

  
					Dwarven Tributary of Gor-Garrum.
 The kingdom of the dwarves was once a mighty and stalwart realm that guarded its mountain passes with iron resolve and fortitude.
 This all changed with their surrender to the Imperium all those years ago, for their surrender they were allowed to keep a measure
 of autonomy to govern their own realm as they see fit. In return for this kindness, they would provide arms and armors forged
 in fires of the vast forge caverns of Gorgarrum itself. Equipped with these advanced armaments the legions of the Imperium
 became even more fearsome than before and many more nations fell in their wake. As a result of these events a deep sense of 
 regret began to emerge among the people of the Dwarves, they felt that the blood of those nations were on their hands and since
 those days, an intense resentment has become apparent among the Dwarves against the Imperium already stoked by their own 
 subjugation. While not in open opposition to the Imperium, nascent resistant groups have begun to emerge, attacking Imperial
 citizens and provoking riots to achieve their aims.

 The Dwarves were once ruled by a High King who would lead his people in all matters, under him a throng of thanes would serve him.
 Each thane would be chosen based on merit from each of the Dwarven Holds. Dwarven society placed heavy emphasis on honour and forge-craft,
 treasuring brave warriors and producing incredibly skilled craftsmen. However Dwarven society values honour to an extreme level and rarely
 forget an insult or misstep towards them holding grudges and going to incredible lengths to avenge a wrong or a percieved slight.
 Many a Dwarven warrior upon defeat or failure have sworn an oath to find honour on the battlefield until death takes them. These warriors
 are known as Penitent Dead and can be found where-ever there is a fight to be had.


					Dragon-born Client State of Caerfarn.
 The dragon-born of Caerfarn are a fierce and warlike people. They share the Bellator-Terra Mountain ranges with the Dwarves of Gor-Garrum.
 Ever since the two made contact there has always been a war between them but neither could overwhelm the other. Once the Imperium began its
 forays into the mountain passes the Dragon-born were all too eager to join their ranks so that they could finally defeat their Dwarven rivals.
 With the peoples of Gorgarrum subjugated, the Dragonborn found new purpose in the wars of the Imperiums expansion as the Shock-Troopers of the 
 Imperial Legions. For their service in the Legions Caerfarn rose in prominence within the Imperium, growing in stature and grandure.
 
 Caerfarn is goverened by a mighty warrior-king known as the Lord of Drakes, one achieves this title by challenging the previous holder to ritual
 combat. It is well known that the Honour guard of the Imperator of the Imperium is a cohort of the finest warriors of Caerfarn, these are the gift
 the Lord of Drakes gives to the Imperator in recognition of the great honour the Imperium has placed upon the dragonborn and the meaning that the wars
 of the past have elevated the dragonborn from mere tribal warriors to conquerors of the continent.

 Dragonborn society is the very definition of a martial society very reminiscent of spartan society where each citizen is trained in the ways of war.
 Every decision and disagreement is decided by through contests of strength or martial skill. Duels to the death are not an uncommon occurance where ever
 dragon-born can be found. 


					 Goliath Tribes of Nornorod.
 The goliath of Nornorod are like their complexion, stony and unyielding. They prize honour and endurance above all else and will fight and die for 
 their independance at all costs. Before their war with the Imperium, the goliaths of Nornorod were many and hosted fishing villages all along the 
 bay of blades on the Frozen Tundrahil coast. This would come to an end as the war with the Imperium known as the War of the Eagle due to the emblem
 upon the Imperiums standard, the Golden Eagle. This war began promisingly for them but as the Imperium learned, adapted and countered the goliaths strict
 code of honour would lead to devastating losses as the tactics of the Imperium prevailed. In no time at all the goliaths were pushed back to their tribal 
 holdfasts in the frigid mountains of Mourne. Content to let the Goliaths stew in their holds, The Imperium settled in for a long winter. This winter was unlike
 anyother, thousands froze where they stood, frostbite was rampant. It was clear that the environment had become inhospitable to the extreme. The Imperiums 
 position was no longer sustainable and they withdrew to avoid more pointless losses. It was never known how such a savage winter came about but many speculate
 that the Goliath have fouler gods than they let on......
 
 Since the War, the Goliaths are a much diminished people mainly seen in the lands of Frozen Tundrasil. They are lead by a High Chief who is elected by moot
 from all the different tribes. This High Chief directs the goliaths as a whole and decides their direction to take. The goliaths have maintained hostilities
 towards the Imperium and take every chance they get to avenge their losses from all those years ago. Those who suffer from these attacks are most often the 
 citizens of the Imperium that have settled in the few outposts along the coast of Frozen Tundrahil and those who find themselves targets of raiding parties
 that make their way across the Bay of Blades in their longships.

 While despised and reviled throughout the Imperium, a goliath will be able to travel the Imperium and remain unaccosted for the most part. They will be subject
 to looks of hate and disgust especially those who are descendants of the Legionaries who fought in the War of the Eagle. However they can still find a living
 to make as strength and perseverance is sought after much in the Imperium.
 					
					 Half-Orc Khanate of the Khesekii Steppe.
 The Khanate of the Kheskii Steppe is a wild and unpredictable force within the world. Vast hordes ride upon its plains seeking challenge and prizes where ever they
 can find them. These peoples are one of the few who managed to resist the Imperium utterly in its expansion. Their nomand lifestyle and way of warfare proved too unwieldy
 for the legions to nail down. Through out these attempts at subjugating the wild khans many a legionare lost their lives. Within the Khanate freedom and momentum are 
 the most valued tenents in this society. Often hordes range from the steppes looking for targets to plunder and raid. There is one place where the khans meet this place is
 the ruins of zar chorrud. When the great khan falls, all the remaining khans will gather to this place to compete in becoming the new great khan. Such competions involve tests
 of strength, riding, archery and dueling to third blood however there hasnt been a great khan elected for the last 300 hundred years as the many khans fought amongst eachother and 
 a meeting of the khans hasnt occurred since those bloody days.

 The Half-Orcs of the Steppes are a proud people loving nothing more than to ride to the horizon in search of new sights or new foes to best. They have a profound sense of honour and care
 for their steeds, the large warhorses of the Khesekii. They waste little and take great enjoyment in bouts of brawling often causing havoc in the settlements they come upon.
 
 With the tribes split the threat of the Khanate is diminished but still incredibly dangerous, if united it could spell the end of the Imperium as it would be trampled 
 under the hooves of a million riders........
					
					 Wood-Elven Kingdom of Arel Bellanore.
 The Wood Elves of Arel Bellanore are a people at one with nature. They value all things natural and earthly, however they do not take kindly to tresspassers upon their shaded woods.
 Many a traveler or wouldbe forrester have met their untimely fate within these woods. With the expansion of the Imperium and the targeting of the glades for resources, the Wood Elves
 made a tough decision, they would allow the Imperium to harvest certain woods and fight in their service in exhange for leaving the sacred glades of Arel Bellanore in peace. This agreement
 worked well for a time, the Wood Elves carried out their duties as scouts and commandoes for the Imperium advancing before the Legions and guiding them through the varied terrains of 
 Notum Terra but they never truly became one with the Imperium almost always favouring to return to the woods once their service was done. 
 
 The Wood Elves are led by a figure known as the King in the Wood, it is said that this is the same figure who made peace with the Imperium all those years ago. It is said that he long regretted
 the losses of the woods given to the Imperium in exchange for the tenuos peace that was born of the deal. Now with the Imperium at its weakest since its founding the King in the Wood now seeks to
 right his past wrong.

 It is known that creatures called Firbolg serve some form of advisor or spiritual position within Wood Elf Society acting as a link between nature and those who live upon it.

					 Lizard-Men Tribes of Zondandaz. 
 The Lizard-Men of Zondondaz live in a society often looked upon as primitive and superstitious by the more advanced civilisations of Notum Terra. They have followed an old path since their founding,
 shirking advanced technology in favour of implements of bone, teeth and hide. They revere ancient gods unknown to those who live outside the tribes but it is not unheard of for sacrifices to take place
 in an attempt to appease them. This society is lead by a council of Elders who interpret the will of the their gods and lead their people accordingly. The nature of these sacrifices remains to be seen however.
 
 When the Imperium came upon the borders of their swamp lands, rather than fight a war they couldnt win the lizard-men entered into an agreement. They would provide the Imperium with a tithe of slaves to act
 as a labour force in return they would keep their lands and rule themselves as long as they kept to the deal. These slaves are often picked from the dregs of the lizard-men tribes, those do not follow the elders
 in their authority. As a result of this, Lizard-Men can be found through-out the Imperium as they work and toil for the Imperiums benefit, however there are some who have earned their freedom and have recieved their
 right to walk freely, however they must be cautious as not all see them as anything more than a source of labour to take by any means neccessary.

					Gnomish Enclave of Cthonia.
 The Gnomes of Cthonia are a technocratic people, led by their best and brightest. They are an intrepid and naturally mechanistic people who have achieved a standard of advanced technology. They are a peace loving people
 who would prefer nothing more than to stay in their undercity in the Mountain of Cthonia but they are also an empathetic people who have resented the forceful expansion of the Imperium. Even though they possess such technology
 their are a numerically few people who could give the Imperium a decent fight but would ultimately fail and if the Imperium were to gain the insights into their advanced technologies it would only cement their already tight grasp
 on Notum Terra.

 Very little is known about the intricacies of gnomish society, for one to gain entry to their undercity is a rare honour. One must first gain the trust of its guardians which in itself is a harrowing ordeal and must prove themselves
 as nothing but the truest ally to the gnomish people.


					Chiefdom of Gundark-Vaar.
 The chiefdom of Gundark-Vaar is comprised of a collection of goblinoid races such as Hob-Goblins, Orcs ,Goblins & Bugbears banding together to form a raider nation. Their society is a cruel and capricious one where might makes right, as such
 its hierarchy is as follows

 Bugbear > Orc > Hobgoblin > Goblin.

 These raiders often terrorise the coasts of the mainland and even send warbands deep into the shores of those they land upon in search of blood and battle aswell as loot and slaves.
 They are ruled by the strongest or cleverest among them. Duels to the death and assassinations are not uncommon within the vast fortress of Gundark-Vaar.  

					Kingdom of Baybarazon.
 An ancient kingdom dating back to the first men to have awoken in Notum Terra, the society of this kingdom is one of darkness and doom for its enemies, they openly worship the dark god Kurzon and have made open intent as towards their hostility towards
 the Imperium. Their kings are warlords who command brutal and blood thirsty armies and pray to Kurzon for the strength to destroy those who worship Sindar. With the Imperium at its current state, it wont be long before the Men of Baybarazon make
 their move.

 Slavery and sacrifice is common in Baybarazon, as the Harsh desert has moulded harsh men. Not only can humans be found here but Ogre men who serve these human overlords as devastating shocktroops and terrifying soldiers. They have openly resisted the spread 
 of the Imperium (partly in thanks to the Khanate in the Steppes) retaining control over their lands whilst biding their time and gathering strength for the inevitable strike against the false worshippers.