	
	State of Terra Notum:


-Set 1000 years after the Ikaryos Empire conquered almost all of the known world.
-Once a mighty Empire, It has now fallen into decadence and inner strife.
-The Imperium is whole for now but civil war is brooding as the current Imperator
 Tiberius Junius Civilis has fallen into ill health with no heir appointed.
 His 3 Sons Galerius Caecilius Civilis, Kaeso Spurius Civilis and Decius Sulpicius Civilis
 now plot their paths to power but they are not the only ones to covet the imperial throne.....

	
	Peoples of Terra Notum:

 Man,
-A founding member of the Imperium along with the High Elves with which they share the Magna Crixis Peninsula, the Men of Terra Notum are generally
 an industrious and ambitious peoples however this cannot be said for all men as they are one of the most numerous and varied races in all of Terra Notum.
 Men can be found in all the lands of Terra Notum as the Imperium settled in all areas it could. Mens temperment is as varied as its people with all having
 different ambitions and goals often only known to them themselves.

 Dwarf,
-The Dwarves of Terra Notum are a stout and hardy people, they value independence and their honour as much as they value their own lives. With this mindset, they were virtually 
 incompatible with the Imperiums ambitions. This inevitably led to conflict between the Imperium and the Dwarven Kingdoms of the various mountain ranges. It was
 a bloody and brutal war but the dwarven armies were far out numbered by the Imperiums forces. Hold after hold, fortress after fortress were lost. The Imperium
 began laying siege to the halls of the High King himself untill finally to save his people from further bloodshed and loss the High King at the time , Turdarogk 
 Fine-Beard bent the knee to the Legate of the Sieging force and that day the war of the beard ended. With this the dwarven kingdom was no more, in its stead a protectorate
 was established with a council of Dwarven senator to rule and govern with somewhat decent autonomy as long as the tithes of gold and arms were delivered every year.
 This surrender has long been a stain on the honour of the Dwarven peoples and as the Imperium begins its decline radicals and traditionalists within the Dwarven Protectorate 
 sense their opportunity to strike and reclaim their past glory among other things........  

 High Elf,
-Also a founding Member of the Imperium, the high elves shared a close relationship with the men of the Magna Crixis Peninsula. From this partnership and ideals of glory and power
 the foundations for an empire were born. With the acute intellect of the High Elves and the industrious nature of the men of Magna Crixis they quickly dominated the local regions and spread
 on from there. It is said that all high elves originated from the Peninsula, first awakening in a world without order. To them this could not stand and set upon rectifying this wrong.
 High Elves as a result of their successes in the Imperium are generally haughty and self-righteous seeing themselves as preservers of order and spreading of knowledge however this is not the case
 for all High elves. With them being viewed along with the Men of Magna Crixis as conquerers and oppressors, there is a distinct distrust between them and the peoples they "liberated".

 Wood Elf,
-The Wood Elves of Terra Notum are a peoples of the forest and wood. They prefer to live off the land as opposed to more civilised forms of life. Guarding the Woods and glades with deadly percision.
 Once the forces of the Imperium began to approach the forests of the mainland, the elves of the wood rather than fight a war they could not win struck a deal with the imperium. In this deal the Wood Elves
 would provide Commando Units to aid the Imperium in its conquests of Notum Terra and the free access of Forests deemed non-essential by the King in the woods in exchange that their lands with the exception
 of those woods deemed as above would remain unmolested. The Wood Elves adapted to their roles as Special Units quite well, steering Legions out of traps and sabotaging emplacements behind enemy lines.
 This would not last however as the Imperiums need for resources grew and Imperators changed, decades after the agreement once protected glades were stripped and deforested but there was nothing the 
 Elves could do but watch for they had made a deal with the devil and the Imperium had a strangle hold around the lands of the realm of the Wood Elves. Knowning this the Wood Elves have bided their time,
 never forgetting how they were betrayed. They have played the faithful hunter but will soon make their mark as the Imperium weakens in this period of civil unrest.

 Drow Elf,
-The Drow Elves are an incredibly race sight to behold in Terra Notum. Once they were numerous but once the Imperium had conquered their lands, the High Elves viewed them as a mutant aberration of elven-kind
 and so begun a project of extermination to solve this. Many died as they were burned in their homes and their cities were put to the torch, however not all died. Some escaped to the mountains unseen to establish
 enclave tribes scrounging a living from the eyes of their murderous oppressors until now.....

 Halfling,
-These folk were relatively untouched by the expansion of the Imperium, more so due to their lax and easy-going nature. They did not oppose the Imperium and enjoy a relatively peaceful experience due to this fact.
 They provide some of the most sought after exports in the Imperium including the famous Halfling Pipe leaf and Cider. They hold a considerable amount of influence with Imperial Court due to the value of their
 trade with the Imperium. They may not agree with the methods the Imperium has often employed but their standing in the world has only been raised through their incorporation into the empire.

 Dragonborn,
-Native to the Mountainous regions of Terra Notum, this often meant they came into conflict with the Dwarves as they fought for space and resources, creating a deep resentment between the two races. Once the Imperium became
 known to the dragonborn they freely joined if it meant they would join the fight against the Dwarven Forces. The dragonborn made for fierce and devastating shock troops in the armies of the Imperium. Burning out dwarven holds
 with vigor as they fought with the legions of the Imperium. The knowledge of the Mountains aided the Imperium to such a degree that they were granted citizen rights comperable to that of the Men or High Elves.
 The dragonborn relished their new standing as warriors of the Imperium, their specialised Legions often fighting where the battles were the fiercist and most brutal.
 Gnome,
-These light footed and intrepid peoples are a seldom seen sight in Terra Notum, keeping to themselves and rarely wandering from their underground city complexes in the Mountains of Cthonia.
 They have decent relations with all those around them, rarely judging someone before they meet them. They have a particular fondness for pipe-leaf which they claim has lead to some of their
 greatest technological achievements. However it is another matter to be admitted into their subterranean domain. One must first gain the favour of the magnate of that area and perform deeds to 
 prove their trust worthyness. The gnomish people were relatively untouched by the Ikaryos Empire as they were able to conceal their dwellings from the scouts and forces of the Imperium. However 
 observed the actions the Imperium had committed and using their hidden passages, groups of gnomes tried to smuggle supplies and arms to resistance groups opposing the Imperium. To this day the Imperium
 have not yet found the hidden fastness of the gnomes and the gnomes continue their endevours to create unrest and strife within the Imperium where ever they can.
 Half-Elf,
-Half Elves are viewed with supsicion, being the brood of both elf and human. Most are a result of the intermingling of blood in the Ikaryos Empire and with High-Elf and Humans being the most common
 parents of such unions. However their are some examples of Wood Elf and Humans although incredibly rare. As a result of their shared heritage, Half Elves must work twice as hard to gain the trust
 of those who were wronged by the empires ancient deeds.

 Half-Orc,
-Half Orcs are a wild people who primarly reside in the Khesekii Steppes. Their people have mastery over mounted combat, preferring to ride down their prey upon their mighty steeds. They are nomadic in nature
 never staying long in one place for long. Using their mounts and great strength, the half orcs often employ the great bow to skewer foes from afar. Great hosts often emerge from the Steppes to wreak havok and
 loot vast amounts of treasure from the settlements they sack. It is not unheard of settlements targetted to pay a ridiculous gift to sway the Horde away from their holdings. Half-Orc society is lead by a single
 great Khan who leads an assembly of lesser but still impressive khans. These peoples were one of the few that were able to resist the Imperium, the Steppes proving to vast and to favourable to the Hordes style of warfare. 
 Half-Orc Society values strength, virility and movement, believing that death is the loss of momentum.

 Tiefling,
-These people are so rare in their appearance that many believe them to be omens, warnings of dire fate and therefore are met with suspicion and fear. It remains to be seen what their prescence in Terra Notum means
 but many believe it to be a forboding sign of things to come.

 Goliath,
-A proud and honourable people, the goliaths of the regions of Frozen-Tundrasil also resisted the forces of the Imperium but at great cost. Once a numerous people they were greatly diminished in their war for independance.
 However the extremes of their home allowed them to survive, proving unhospitable to the legions who couldnt survive the freezing temperatures of the Mourne-crag mountain holds of the Goliaths. The goliaths naturally accustomed to
 the sub-zero temperatures of their mountainous home were deemed not worthy the trouble to destroy and were left to their own devices up in the peaks. While never strong enough to form a serious front against the empire, they performed raids
 against the empire when least expected always being a thorn in the side of the Imperiums efforts to exploit the resources of Frozen Tundrahil.

 Lizardmen,
-Native to the swamplands Koldarii Wilderlands, the Lizardmen are a race often thought primitive or savage. Nothing could be further from the truth, these peoples eschew the modern notions of civilisation in favour of the old ways
 never turning their backs on their roots. They are a mystic and superstitious people who's tribes are each lead by a Venerable Elder. Nothing goes to waste within the tribe for sustenance is scarce within the swamplands. Trade though
 exists between certain tribes and the peoples of kelvari lowlands & and those of the mountains of Bellator Terra. The Lizardmen did not escape unscathed during the expansion of the Ikaryos Empire, although their native terrain slowed the 
 advance of the Imperial Warmachine it could not hold them back forever. The lizardmen eventually facing overwhelming defeat, surrendered to the Imperium and as a result were forced into slavery. In its recognition of the Lizardmens surrender
 the Imperium allowed small enclaves of tribes to exist in exchange for a tithe of slaves each year. With the wide spread use of Lizard-Men Slaves throughout the Imperium, they can be found where ever the Imperium can, however the lizardmen 
 have not forgotten their glory and strive to return to it one day.
 
 Firbolg,
-A mysterious race of near giants, these creatures are myth and legend who are said to sage and council the deep groves of the Wood Elves. Having a deep connection to root and stem, they are thought to be the mortal will of the forests of the 
 world. From this connection, they are highly respected by Wood Elven Society often holding positions of advisors to the Kings in the Wood.

 Minotaur,
-Native to the Uzun Isle, the minotauran peoples live in a coastal society. Making their living by off of the sea and their tropical home. A once fierce and tribal people, they have suffered in the years of the Imperiums growth. Wide spread 
 famines and pestilance as a result of overfishing and slavery. In recent years they have found their pride and begun to force Imperials from their land. This will come at a price however, what this price is however remains to be seen....

 Triton,
-It is not known if these people actually exist or are merely a myth spoken of by heat-stroked sailors. This myth is, while initially unbelievable may have some truth to it. As merchant vessels go missing at sea more often than ever in these
 turbulent times maybe these tales of underwater cities and their peoples are not as much a myth as many would like....

 Hobgoblin,
-Native to Zaeragar, the Hobgoblin people are often seen as capricious and self-serving. They in association with their cousins, the goblins and the Orcs they have formed a coalition of forces based in Zanderkust. Their aims are yet unknown but
 it is clear conquest is on the agenda. With the slow decay of the Imperium for decades, blood is in the water....